docs: Update contribution guidelines (#51)
grafana/explore-profiles: docs/CONTRIBUTING.md

For developing in this repo, requirements are generally managed by lint rules and pre-commit hooks. However, for other things, like code organization, please follow the pattern established by the rest of the repo.

> In case of doubt, have a look at ["Pyroscope App Plugin Frontend Architecture"](./CODE-ARCHITECTURE.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of doubt, have a look at ["Explore Profiles frontend architecture"](./CODE-ARCHITECTURE.md)
```
